# interested in starting your own startup?

Sign up for a FREE email newsletter subscription to receive occasional promotional emails, a $100 discount promo code<sup>1</sup> on selected training courses, and to be alerted when DanielWHoward's Startup School for Coders training courses become available (projected to be released sometime in 2022).

[http://startupschoolforcoders.com/subscribe](http://startupschoolforcoders.com/subscribe)

<sup>1</sup> Terms and conditions apply. Only prospective customers subscribed to the email newsletter on an unspecified date chosen by the course provider are eligible to receive promo codes. Promo codes only apply to selected courses.  Promo codes are one time use only.  Promo codes are not transferable to other people or other products and are not redeemable for cash and cannot be combined with any other promo codes, other coupons or any other offer or discounts or promotions.  To redeem the promo code, the customer types the coupon code into the promo code text box in the course purchase website and the relevant discount will be automatically deducted from the final price of the qualifying training course. If the customer fails to enter the promo code at the time of purchase as specified, the purchase will not be eligible for the discount. Discounts may not be claimed after confirmation of a customer's purchase.  Each promo code is valid for a limited time only and expires on the date specified in the email sent to the prospective customer.  Promo codes cannot be replaced if emails are deleted by the prospective customer.  If a promo code is used and an entire purchase (in accordance with the cancellation policy) is cancelled at a later stage by the customer, the promo code will no longer be valid.  Course provider shall not be liable for any loss, damage or injury suffered or sustained (even if caused by negligence) as a result of accepting and/or using the promo code, except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Course provider accepts no responsibility for late, lost or misdirected email or other communications. Course provider assumes no responsibility for any failure to receive a claim or for inaccurate information or for any loss, damage or injury as a result of technical or telecommunications problems, including security breaches. If such problems arise, then the course provider may modify, cancel, terminate or suspend the promo code.
